# Project 3: Increasing Effectiveness of a Logistic Regression Model Using a Polynomial Logisitic Regression
This project demonstrates the limitation of using a linear regression method and how to enhance its prediction capabilites. The limitation of this model is that logistic regression can impose a linear boundary on a non-linear data set, creating a structural deficiency in how it classifies data. Both a synthetic dataset (2-moons dataset) created from the sklearn package and real-world dataset (from the UCI repository) will be used to compare the effectiveness and accuracy of the model. Then to increase the predicitability effectiveness of the model, a polynomial transformation of the data will be implemented and the new results will be compared to the previous models using polynomial logistic regression.
## Getting Started
This Repository contains the main .ipynb file for [Project 3](Project_3_final.ipynb) containing both package imports and comments to aid in running the code. To start, download the data file [here](data_banknote_authentication.txt) to then be able to mount the data to the coding software. Next, read the comments and run the blocks of code in the order that they are given. The command run-all can also be used instead of individually running each block.
## Data Source
The real-world data comes from the UC Irvine Machine Learning Repository's Banknote Authentication dataset which contains 1,372 instances with 4 continuous, quantitative features and contains data relevant to the accuracy of banknote evaluation. In more detail, real and fake banknotes were digitizied and their numerical values of visual variance, skewness, curtosis, entropy were recorded. The link to the originial source of data can be found [here.](https://archive.ics.uci.edu/dataset/267/banknote+authentication)
## Report
Located in this report is a more detailed analysis of the data set and full scientific/mathematical overview of the project as a whole. This can be downloaded at the zip file located [here](Project_3 (1).zip)
## Liscence
This repository is currently unliscensed.
